# APPLICATIONS-OF-MACHINE-LEARNING-IN-THE-FIELD-OF-MEDICAL-CARE
This is a project based on machine learning in the field of medical care. Medical care has several important functions other than restoring or maintaining health. These other functions are assessment and certification of health status, prognostication, segregation of the ill to limit communication of illness, and helping to cope with the problems of illness--the caring function.
Machine Learning is one of the efficient technologies for the testing, which is based on training and testing. It is the branch of Artificial Intelligence (AI) which is one of broad area of learning where machines emulating human abilities, machine learning is a specific branch of AI. On the other hand machines learning systems are trained to learn how to process and make use of data hence the combination of both technology is also called as Machine Intelligence.
we propose a novel method that aims at finding significant features by applying machine learning techniques resulting in improving the accuracy in the prediction of cardiovascular disease.
The prediction model is introduced with different combinations of features and several known classification techniques. We produce an enhanced performance level with an accuracy level of 88.7% through the prediction model for Diabetese disease with the hybrid random forest with a linear model.
A Diabetese disease prediction model, which implements data mining technique, can help the medical practitioners in detecting the Diabetese disease status based on the patient's clinical data. 
Data mining classification techniques for good decision making in the field of health care addressed are namely Decision trees, Naive Bayes, Neural Networks and Support Vector Machines.
